# Week 3 Reading Assignment
#### Article: *OSMnx: New methods for acquiring, constructing, analyzing, and visualizing complex street networks (Boeing, 2017)*

At first glance, this article seemed to just define many planner and transit-oriented words. To me, this seemed a bit overwhelming at first due to the fact that my area of focus is environmental health. In all honesty, I skimmed these first few sections due to this listing and defining of terms. However, it did expose me to the giant world of planning and the various concepts within it, such as GIS. The way in which Boeing describes OpenStreetMap and the continued enhancement of it by the public, it reminds me of the concept of 'ground-truthing' when collecting or analyzing data. In a similar fashion, OpenStreetMap has been improved through the continous work of the public. In this way, we will always have the most up-to-date spatial data regarding streets, roadways, sidewalks, and pathways. In my own area of study, I always try to emphasize community knowledge and it's importance to science. Therefore, it's great to see that such a complicated tool such as OSMnx can be improved by the knowledge community members may have about their neighborhood. In having used OSMnx during class last week, it incredible to read about the complexity of the tool because it was very user-friendly. In that sense, it can definitely allow for the reproducibility of research and projects that use OSMnx. I was unaware of how difficult it was to reproduce various maps due to limit description of the methodology. However, as mentioned in the article it's crucial to understand that the easiness of using OSMnx can mainly be attributed to the U.S and Europe. Thus, further improvement is needed in order to ensure that those in exploited and underserved countries also have easy access to the various routes within their city--regardless of whether they may not be traditionally seen as roads (i.e. dirt, mud, etc).

